What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

		When you initialize a repository git will then begin to track changes in
		that location. You can commit files and compare them as needed.

		You need to do this because otherise you have no way to version control your
		work in that repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What
value do you think it offers?

		The staging area is different from the working directory and the repository because
		it is where files that will be commited in the next commit are added. This allows you to
		control which files in a working directroy are part of the respository and which are not.

		This can be of value when you have other files in the working directory that you do not
		need to have version control for.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

		I would use the staging area to compare a version of a file against the last commit to ensure
		that there is only the change I expect present. This would help keep the changes to just
		one logical change?

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

		As the course explained, branches can be very helpful if you want to make an experiemental change,
		a language change, or other. Branches can help in this regard by keeping the master protected from an experimental change and allowing you to later merge the changes if needed.

How do the diagrams help you vizualize the branch structure?

		I find them helpful as I am used to GUI interfaces and visual aids when working
		on developent projects. Using Git is different in that its text based and that
		presents a new challenge for me.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

		The result for me merging the "Coins" branch into the "Master" branch is not the same as the video. I fear there was a mistake somewhere along the way as the "coins" in the game appaear to be missing. In the interest of time, I cannot go back through all the exercises again. I need to move forward.
		The diagram representation is actually quite helpful to visualize the branches and the commits belonging to each parent of each branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

		Automatic merging is nice because you do not have to manually address every single change. However, doing it manually allows you more control, while it may be more time consuming and annoying.